rest: add custom_fields as parameter (#601)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/reference/rest_api_drafts_records.md

| `access`   | object | body     | [Access options](metadata.md#access) for the record. |
| `files`    | object | body     | Files options (see below) for the record. |
| `metadata` | object | body     | [Metadata](metadata.md#metadata) of the record. |

> | `custom_fields` | object | body     | [Custom fields](https://inveniordm.docs.cern.ch/customize/metadata/custom_fields/records/#declaring-custom-fields)) metadata for the record. (v10 and newer) |

Reviewer: Let's use the internal linking and we should be good for this one and the other:

```suggestion
| `custom_fields` | object | body     | [Custom fields](../customize/metadata/custom_fields/records.md#declaring-custom-fields) metadata for the record. (v10 and newer) |
```

Author: Thanks, I've switched both

Reviewer: Oh there was also a parenthesis fix in that suggestion (we need to remove that extra sneaky parenthesis) :ninja:

Author: Thanks, got them!
